# GregTech Ages Of The Universe
A work in progress GregTech modpack made by the finest devs at Shitters Incorprated.<br />
This is a development version of the pack do not use, It may contain missing/non working mods <br />
Description (ty nebula):<br />The year is 2157, you were sent on a mission to explore planet X83AZ, the planet had been deemed as possibly habitable, with an atmosphere closely resembling earth's very own, and even housing small amounts of water. You were sent on this mission for "the greater good of humanity". 
However, things took a turn when an asteroid crashed into your ship. After waking up you find your ship to be in ruin, not responding to any of your commands, and some parts even missing from your ship. Without being able to contact anybody for help your mission from investigating your designated planet shifted. Your main objective was to repair the ship and ensure survival. With noone around to grant you aid in these difficult times you'll have to rely on your own intuition to gather materials and repair your ship. Luckily you aren't as lonely as you would've expected, as you seem to have possibly crashed in an asteroid belt. With your stomach grumbling and your senses becoming duller you come to a conclusion. You will have to use these asteroids to your advantage, even though your journey will consist of many tedious tasks you'll have to prevail in order to complete your mission. With your oxygen running out you're running out of time and will be tasked with making your ship, your base of operations, habitable. 
You know deep down that this will not be an easy task, and you'll have to utilise all of your knowledge to survive. With all of these problems adding up you'll have to start automating the solutions to these problems, luckily, with all of your knowledge of machinery, chemistry and physics you're confident in your abilities to repair the ship and continue your original mission.
After you've completed your ship and thrived in space. You'll come to find that you've lost touch with humanity. And feel like exploring the universe itself, nothing would be out of reach, galaxies, planets, stars. All in the palm of your hand. Nothing is out of reach, you would go wherever life would take you. You'd do what humanity would've thought was impossible. You could have it all, riches, resources, tools of destruction. Anything that the universe hides can be yours.
